c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
c:\users\monteiro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\Monteiro\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Downloads\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
G:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
F:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\mathe\Documents\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addQuantidade.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addQuantidade.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.initialized.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa1.resources
C:\Users\matheus.silva\Documents\LojaPc(1)\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.updateEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addQuantidade.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.initialized.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa1.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.updateEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\Users\Win8\Desktop\Projetos\Interdisciplinar\LojaPc\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addQuantidade.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.initialized.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa1.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.updateEmpresa.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.teste.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.testee.resources
C:\LojaPc\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.role.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll.config
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\LojaPc.pdb
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.init.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.computadorSessio.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.sojdbg.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComp.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addPecaComputador.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.hbf.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.qwert.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asdasdas.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.asd.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addTime.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addQuantidade.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.initialized.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.addEmpresa1.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.updateEmpresa.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.teste.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.testee.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.Migrations.role.resources
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.dll
C:\projetoDiogo\LojaPc\obj\Debug\LojaPc.pdb
